File Operation Report AppArmor - Generated on 2025-05-07 12:39:45
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Allowed Operations:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operation  Path                                                         Status    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
read       /etc/ld.so.cache                                             Allowed   
read       /lib/klibc-sw0VayLfV0hmLGCQE9vyfOnj81g.so                    Allowed   
read       /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc_malloc_debug.so                   Allowed   
read       /lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld-*.so                                    None      
read       /lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld32-*.so                                  None      
read       /lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld64-*.so                                  None      
read       /lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/cmov/*.so*                      None      
read       /lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/cmov/ld-*.so                    None      
read       /lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/nosegneg/*.so*                  None      
read       /lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/nosegneg/ld-*.so                None      
read       /lib/ld-*.so                                                 None      
read       /lib/ld32-*.so                                               None      
read       /lib/ld64-*.so                                               None      
read       /lib/tls/i686/cmov/*.so*                                     None      
read       /lib/tls/i686/cmov/ld-*.so                                   None      
read       /lib/tls/i686/nosegneg/*.so*                                 None      
read       /lib/tls/i686/nosegneg/ld-*.so                               None      
read       /lib32/**.so*                                                None      
read       /lib32/ld-*.so                                               None      
read       /lib32/ld32-*.so                                             None      
read       /lib32/ld64-*.so                                             None      
read       /lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2                                  Allowed   
read       /lib64/ld-*.so                                               None      
read       /lib64/ld32-*.so                                             None      
read       /lib64/ld64-*.so                                             None      
read       /opt/*-linux-uclibc/lib/ld-uClibc*so*                        None      
read       /usr/etc/ld.so.cache                                         None      
read       /usr/lib/klibc-sw0VayLfV0hmLGCQE9vyfOnj81g.so                Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc_malloc_debug.so               Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/gconv/ISO8859-5.so                 Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/gconv/gconv-modules                Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld-*.so                                None      
read       /usr/lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld32-*.so                              None      
read       /usr/lib/*-linux-gnu*/ld64-*.so                              None      
read       /usr/lib/gconv/*.so                                          None      
read       /usr/lib/gconv/gconv-modules*                                None      
read       /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/cmov/*.so*                  None      
read       /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/cmov/ld-*.so                None      
read       /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/nosegneg/*.so*              None      
read       /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/tls/i686/nosegneg/ld-*.so            None      
read       /usr/lib/ld-*.so                                             None      
read       /usr/lib/ld32-*.so                                           None      
read       /usr/lib/ld64-*.so                                           None      
read       /usr/lib/locale/                                             Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/tls/i686/cmov/*.so*                                 None      
read       /usr/lib/tls/i686/cmov/ld-*.so                               None      
read       /usr/lib/tls/i686/nosegneg/*.so*                             None      
read       /usr/lib/tls/i686/nosegneg/ld-*.so                           None      
read       /usr/lib32/**.so*                                            None      
read       /usr/lib32/gconv/*.so                                        None      
read       /usr/lib32/gconv/gconv-modules*                              None      
read       /usr/lib32/ld-*.so                                           None      
read       /usr/lib32/ld32-*.so                                         None      
read       /usr/lib32/ld64-*.so                                         None      
read       /usr/lib32/locale/**                                         None      
read       /usr/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2                              Allowed   
read       /usr/lib64/gconv/*.so                                        None      
read       /usr/lib64/gconv/gconv-modules*                              None      
read       /usr/lib64/ld-*.so                                           None      
read       /usr/lib64/ld32-*.so                                         None      
read       /usr/lib64/ld64-*.so                                         None      
read       /usr/lib64/locale/**                                         None      
read       /home/*/.Private/**                                          None      
write      /home/*/.Private/**                                          None      
read       /home/.ecryptfs/*/.Private/**                                None      
write      /home/.ecryptfs/*/.Private/**                                None      
read       /dev/random                                                  Allowed   
read       /dev/urandom                                                 Allowed   
read       /etc/bindresvport.blacklist                                  Allowed   
read       /etc/ld.so.conf                                              Allowed   
read       /etc/ld.so.conf.d/                                           Allowed   
read       /etc/ld.so.conf.d/libc.conf                                  Allowed   
read       /etc/locale.alias                                            Allowed   
read       /etc/localtime                                               Allowed   
read       /lib/                                                        Allowed   
read       /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/                                       Allowed   
read       /lib64/                                                      Allowed   
read       /proc/cpuinfo                                                Allowed   
read       /proc/filesystems                                            Allowed   
read       /proc/meminfo                                                Allowed   
read       /proc/stat                                                   Allowed   
read       /proc/sys/kernel/cap_last_cap                                Allowed   
read       /proc/sys/kernel/ngroups_max                                 Allowed   
read       /proc/sys/kernel/version                                     Allowed   
read       /proc/sys/vm/overcommit_memory                               Allowed   
read       /sys/devices/system/cpu/                                     Allowed   
read       /sys/devices/system/cpu/online                               Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/                                                    Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/                                   Allowed   
read       /usr/lib64/                                                  Allowed   
read       /usr/share/locale/                                           Allowed   
read       /usr/share/X11/locale/                                       Allowed   
read       /usr/share/common-licenses/                                  Allowed   
read       /usr/share/locale-langpack/                                  Allowed   
read       /usr/share/locale/                                           Allowed   
read       /usr/share/zoneinfo/                                         Allowed   
read       /usr/share/zoneinfo/                                         Allowed   
read       /bin/bzip2                                                   Allowed   
read       /bin/gzip                                                    Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/bzip2                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/col                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/compress                                            None      
read       /usr/bin/eqn                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/grap                                                None      
read       /usr/bin/gzip                                                Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/iconv                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/lzip.lzip                                           None      
read       /usr/bin/pic                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/preconv                                             Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/refer                                               None      
read       /usr/bin/tbl                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/tr                                                  Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/troff                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/vgrind                                              None      
read       /usr/bin/xz                                                  Allowed   
read       /dev/full                                                    Allowed   
write      /dev/full                                                    Allowed   
read       /dev/null                                                    Allowed   
write      /dev/null                                                    Allowed   
read       /dev/zero                                                    Allowed   
write      /dev/zero                                                    Allowed   
read       /run/systemd/journal/stdout                                  None      
write      /run/systemd/journal/stdout                                  None      
write      /run/systemd/journal/dev-log                                 None      
write      /run/systemd/journal/socket                                  None      
read       /dev/tty                                                     Allowed   
write      /dev/tty                                                     Allowed   
read       /dev/pts/                                                    Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/eqn                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/grap                                                None      
read       /usr/bin/pic                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/preconv                                             Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/refer                                               None      
read       /usr/bin/tbl                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/troff                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/vgrind                                              None      
read       /etc/groff/                                                  Allowed   
read       /etc/papersize                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/lib/groff/site-tmac/                                    Allowed   
read       /usr/share/groff/                                            Allowed   
read       /tmp/groff*                                                  None      
write      /tmp/groff*                                                  None      
read       /bin/bzip2                                                   Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/bzip2                                               Allowed   
read       /bin/gzip                                                    Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/gzip                                                Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/col                                                 Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/compress                                            None      
read       /usr/bin/iconv                                               Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/lzip.lzip                                           None      
read       /usr/bin/tr                                                  Allowed   
read       /usr/bin/xz                                                  Allowed   
read       /                                                            Denied    
write      /                                                            Denied    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Denied Operations:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
read       /root/.bash_history                                          Denied    
read       /dev/mem                                                     Denied    
write      /dev/mem                                                     Denied    
read       /var/log/btmp                                                Denied    
read       /proc/kcore                                                  Denied    
read       /proc/1/environ                                              Denied    
read       /etc/shadow                                                  Denied    
write      /etc/shadow                                                  Denied    
read       /etc/gshadow                                                 Denied    
write      /etc/gshadow                                                 Denied    
write      /etc/passwd                                                  Denied    
write      /etc/group                                                   Denied    
write      /etc/sudoers                                                 Denied    
write      /etc/sudoers.d/                                              Denied    
write      /etc/ssh/sshd_config                                         Denied    
write      /boot/                                                       Denied    
write      /sys/kernel/                                                 Denied    
write      /etc/pam.d/                                                  Denied    
write      /etc/crontab                                                 Denied    
write      /etc/cron.d/                                                 Denied    
write      /var/log/auth.log                                            Denied    
write      /etc/ld.so.preload                                           Denied    
write      /var/cache/man/                                              Denied    
read       /dev/console                                                 Denied    
write      /dev/console                                                 Denied    
read       /root/.Private/                                              Denied    
write      /root/.Private/                                              Denied    